feat: update doc for udf config (#323)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: deploy/node-specific-configurations.mdx

#### Other storage configurations

Except for the above, RisingWave also provides some other storage configurations to help control the overall buffer and cache limits. Please see [Dedicated compute node](/operate/dedicated-compute-node) for more.

### UDF configurations

<Note>

> Added in v2.1.5, v2.2.4, v2.3.0: Allow enable/disable the creation of embedded Python, JavaScript, and WebAssembly UDFs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added in v2.1.5, v2.2.4, v2.3.0: Allow enabling/disabling the creation of embedded Python, JavaScript, and WebAssembly UDFs.
```
